    # UK SALARY TAX CALCULATOR
    #### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/8zT2ub7xbm8
    #### Description: Code that returns your annual UK salary taxed.
    ##### Original Idea: I first thought of the idea when my girlfriend asked me if I could help her with figuring out her taxes. Although her employers sort out her tax, it gives her and other users a rough estimate of how much they will be earning after tax.
    ##### Code Description: You are prompted with 3 different questions; your name, how much you earn and how many hours do you work a week. I first began by writing out each question and figuring out what code was needed. I then coded as standard functions and by crossreferencing with the UK GOV tax calculator I was able to get answers that were similar to the tax calculator, diviating by a couple of pounds (see oldproject.py). However, I felt as though this didn't push me to practice anything new, since I'd been used to if conditionals and try and except loops so I rewrote the code using classes, creating a class called "Taxpayer", which takes a name, hourly wage and hours a week worked in class variables as well as a wage variable. Then using while True and try except loops, I prompt user inputs for the class variables, which also invalidates any incorrect inputs and prompts again, since I felt that sys.exit-ing once you've run the code, if you don't know you're doing it wrong, can make running the code tedious. I also create the str class function, outputting the salary in an aesthetically pleasing design, detailing that the code only runs in the 6 April 2023 to 5 April 2024 Tax year. Then using class and instance functions I wittled the main function down to 3 lines instead of 21. This helped me practice OOP far more than before.
